# April 28th

# 10:30pm
Woo! First post! Just finished updating my discord bio to link this repo. Kinda sucks how I have to do this but "you reap what you sow," "fuck around and find out," etc etc.

I'm sorta feeling around for what standard I should set for the format of these posts. I'll play it by ear. It won't be anything too formal.

So my initial thoughts are for me to write what I did today, how I am in terms of work, and probably share things that are tangentially related to all of those because that's how my mind works. Tangentially related: I don't like the term "neurodivergent", despite me being that.

Okay I just deleted discord from my phone. Turning notifications off wouldn't be enough since I . As for youtube, I turned on the "remind me to get off every half hour" thing in the settings. If I notice that I'm still using it too much, I'll uninstall it too. Same goes for any app that I start to use more to replace my discord activity. I remember the first time I went on hiatus I ended up using my alt account on discord and I still didn't get much work done, and the second time I just used twitter and youtube more. I've had twitter uninstalled for months now so that wasn't an issue, and I'm glad I put *something* in place for youtube this time.

Gonna wait until midnight to disable my discord account just so I can wrap up everything.

Looks like this is just gonna be a stream of consciousness. Oh well.

It just took me like 15 minutes to figure out how to write this bash command for my `.zprofile`:

```bash
co() {
  echo "You are on a hiatus. Are you 100% sure you want to use crossover?"
  read answer
  if [[ $answer == "yes" ]]; then
    "path/to/file"
  fi
}
```

So now when I type `co` (which is the command I normally use to open crossover (long story)), it prompts me with if I really wanna open it, and since I'm the one who wrote it, I'll be more honest about whether I actually should or not. Previous command was just `alias co "path/to/file"`.

Anyways, one person just told me to get back to work. They read the readme!

Okay! Time to actually get to work. I need to finish some statistics work by tomorrow (binomial theorem stuff), and I need to finish an email to a teacher. I'm gonna try not stay up past 2am, but I'm gonna force myself to work until I'm done. I might go to bed sooner if it's something I can realistically finish in the morning.

I also just realized, these posts might bleed into the morning of the next day. That'll be okay though.

Oh yeah! I wanted to have a small section about the music I'm listening to while I work.  
[Penguin Café Orchestra - Penguin Café Orchestra](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_nTOqyeozA0GoFuloNOC51OCeGpERZYv5Y)  
Youtube had been recommending me this album for a few months now and I finally decided to listen to it today. Real good shit, especially the first song.  
Recently I've been listening to a lot of Aphex Twin for focusing on schoolwork, so I'll share a few of my favorite tracks of his to listen to on loop at some point.

# 12:15am
Logged out of discord (couldn't disable my account cuz I owned servers). Place your bets for how many pings you think I'll have when I log back in in the comments on this post or something.

Also two people starred the repository?? I'd suggest watching the repo instead of starring it tbh but the stars *are* appreciated lol.

Currently listening to [Aphex Twin - in a room7 F760](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gabFA9KdJSI) on loop. I love that song so much.

Speaking of music! [Here's my last.fm](https://last.fm/user/Spaxolotl)! I can only autoscrobble on my computer (and not on school wifi) but it's a good indicator to what I'm currently listening to!

Also, I just realized, but you can also contact me through my telegram. Not dropping my username but you can probably guess it. I probably won't be able to talk on there much, but hey, it's there!

Okay, for schoolwork, I've got 24 problems to write notes for in statistics, and I've written notes for 5. I'm gonna try speed up the process.

# 3:00am
I feel like sludge but 90% of the assignment is done (I also sent the email a couple hours ago). Gonna ask an irl for help to finish the rest of them but I'm calling it a night. This concludes day 1!

As for music, for the last hour or so I've been looping [MFDOOM - Coffin Nails](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sd-dK8OqtVU). Good shit.
