# April 29th

## 8:00am
Got three hours of sleep last night. Had a strong cup of coffee this morning (I'm still so tired) and grinded out one more problem for that statistics assignment. I turned it in about half an hour ago, and my teacher was very pleased.
I'm spending the class period watching videos from one of our web apps and filling out guided notes. Shouldn't be too hard, but yesterday I found [a video about a file organization program someone made](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTQeMkYRMcw) (which is [open source](https://github.com/TagStudioDev/TagStudio)) and I need to keep myself from thinking about it.

I might need to just give myself a small sliver of time to do the things that I actually enjoy doing. On the other hand, the ride on the bus already makes for this pretty well. It's two 20-30 minute periods every weekday.  
Yeah maybe making a schedule will be a good idea.

Oh yeah I added a "Back/Next" thing to the bottom of these pages. Idk how I should really format them but I can probably fix them all pretty easily with some regex.

## 8:30am
Okay, organizing my list of priorities right now. Currently these are the classes I need to submit late work for:
- AP Statistics
- U.S. Government (Remediation)
- Financial Literacy (Remediation)
- AP Physics C
- English
- Sociology

Some of these are higher priority than others though. Currently I'm working on statistics and I've decided to stick to one subject and get it done in its entirety before moving onto another.  
I'll probably work on sociology next. I've got to just do some past assignments.  
God I really wish I just passed my classes this year.  
> [!NOTE]
> I just found out you could do this! Just do
>
> ```md
> [!NOTE]
> Note text
> ```

> [!NOTE]
> Even though I'm focusing on one subject at a time for late work, **_I am still going to do current work on-time_**. Sometimes when I get caught up on late work I end up getting behind in my other classes, and I cannot let that happen this time.

# 9:45am
Skipping second period because I hate my teacher lmfao. I can do the work this period but I don't like the forced class discussions.

For now I'm continuing statistics. I got my hands on a large display in an empty classroom that I wanted to use to watch the videos and take notes from a distance, but I needed a way to pause and play the video (and rewind and skip forward) with the remote that I had. It has four buttons: two that are pointing left and right, one with a tv symbol with a play symbol inside it, and one with just a plain tv symbol. The left and right buttons I found out are PageUp and PageDown respectively, the tv with a play button is F5, and the plain tv button is a period. I spent a few minutes to write this javascript program that maps all of those buttons to something.

```js
document.addEventListener("keydown", (e) => {
  const video = document.querySelector("video:last-of-type");
  if (!video) {
    console.log("Video not found!");
    return;
  }
  console.log(e.key);
  switch (e.key) {
    case ".":
      e.preventDefault();
      if (video.paused)
        video.play();
      else
        video.pause();
      break;
    case "PageUp":
      e.preventDefault();
      if (video.currentTime)
        video.currentTime = Math.max(0, video.currentTime - 10);
      break;
    case "PageDown":
      e.preventDefault();
      if (!video.ended && video.duration)
        video.currentTime = Math.min(video.duration, video.currentTime + 10);
      break;
    case "F5":
      e.preventDefault();
      const button = document.querySelector(".video-react-big-play-button");
      if (button) button.click();
      break;
  }
});
```

Okay, that took way too long, but hey, now I have the program working!

[Back](./28.md) | Next
