# May 12th

## 11:30pm
Okay, since I'm not extremely tired anymore, let me write an actual post about the past couple of days.

This weekend was my most productive weekend. I got more than 50% of one of my class remediations done, so now I'm about fully halfway! I just probably have to spend another day or two completely finishing both of them. That will suck.

But yeah, I found a workflow that semi-worked? Basically I had to watch videos in bulk and answer quiz questions, so with the script I shared the other day, I just had it automatically go through the videos, and in the time spent doing that, I used cohost. like. **a lot.**. My posts have been popping off like mad it's so funny. First there was that [gen z programming](https://cohost.org/Spax/post/5900515-as-a-way-to-enco), then [this](https://cohost.org/Spax/post/5916340-div-style-overflow) one, then [this list I made of stuff I found useful](https://cohost.org/Spax/post/5920725-stuff-i-find-useful), ["you guys are gonna wanan see this..."](https://cohost.org/Spax/post/5935026-you-guys-are-gonna-w), and a few other smaller things. I've been using it like twitter with, as well as like just a fucking around webdev. Like you can use the power of css to make some really fun shit, but plain text works for most things lol. I've also made a good number of mutuals on there. Can't wait until I can go back on discord and add a ton of them.

Got a ton of opinions about cohost in general though. Some good, some bad. Won't explain all of them here but god, the environment is just SO different from everywhere else I've seen. discord, tumblr, twitter, bluesky, mastodon, etc etc. It's wild. The lack of numbers EVERYWHERE (follower counts, the likes/shares of posts (chosts), etc etc) is so refreshing in a way I can't put into words. I'll end this rant here though. Might make a full post about it at some point in the near-ish future.

I also did something stupid today. I'm sick, so every day I've been taking a vitamin C tablet. But today for some reason I decided to suck on it like hard candy instead of swallowing it (because it was sour and I like sour stuff). Turns out **that is not a good idea** and it will wound your tongue. Fortunately my tongue injuries heal in like, 1-4 days so it's not too bad, but yeah don't be stupid like me and I won't be pulling that stunt again.

Anyways, I also had a bit of a scare a couple hours ago. I thought I lost my external hard drive with 2.5 terabytes of stuff on it, but I remembered where I had put it about half an hour later. God though I really need to make a backup of that data. It was a sign.

Also! Music! I've recently gotten into Daft Punk, and I'm planning on listening to Tanger's stuff at some point. I've also been getting back into Igorrr and Aphex Twin. I guess I'm also a shoegaze fan now?? Look it up idk. I listened to [Sisyphus by Andrew Bird](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsgUQrKTTtc) on loop this evening after hearing it recently. Gonna be listening to more stuff like it (things recommended by my friend).

So back to academics. I'm gonna plan to finish my class remediation before I work on statistics/english/sociology. the remediation has until friday, while everything else has another 2ish weeks. I think.

Getting my shit together. The end is near. I can do it.

[Back](./11.md) | Next
