# May 14th

## 8:15pm
Welp I officially missed my first day. I've gotten close by just making a post late at night but this time it has been way more than 24 hours so "oh well". Let me explain what I did yesterday and today.

Yesterday, I got more remediation done. I'm up to about 80% now? That was great, but I realized "damn I can finish this in two days" so I decided to spend that evening catching up on physics assignments. Remember when I said I might have to fail physics for the sake of graduating? Well turns out I actually don't really want to fail that class. I've got a great teacher and I felt really bad for just putting in no effort these past few weeks. So yesterday afternoon I emailed her something along the lines of "can you please reopen the assignments I didn't turn in for the past few weeks" and she said she would, up until that night at midnight. So I spent the rest of that evening grinding through that stuff. I think I was at about 35% before all of that, and this morning it went up to 45%, which was awesome.

And yeah that was basically everything I did yesterday. I also made a small stepmania chart for a section of a song during school while I was supposed to be watching the videos for remediation. Started experimenting with brackets. We'll see how it goes. Anyways, for physics, there were also like 16 guided notes packets that we had to fill out for their corresponding videos, and the packets were LONG and the videos were ALSO LONG. I did about 5 of them this morning, 3 of them being especially half-assed. My uncle texted me the other day with a tumblr thread about the saying "anything worth doing is worth doing poorly" and I was like "you're so right" so this is now my justification for just turning things in with little thought put into the assignments themselves, because something being turned in is better than nothing at all. My uncle is so awesome. I also went to english instead of skipping it yesterday because we just were gonna watch a documentary. God I hate my english teacher.

I also took the AP Physics C exams today. Yes, exams *plural*. Kinematics and Electromagnetics. Another brutal 4 hours. Fortunately, I did not study and did not understand the material so I didn't actually put any thought behind my multiple choice answers, and did the absolute bare minimum of what I could do for the free responses. We're allowed to leave early if we finish the last part of the exam early, so I probably spent like 5 minutes on the last FRQ, then went "that's literally all I can do" and just Left. A little over 4 hours. I also showed up a bit late for the exam cuz I was talking with the other physics students who were taking the exam in another part of the school and the staff were apparently desperately looking for where I was so they could drag me down to the AP testing room LMAO.

Anyways, I'm planning on getting a relatively early night tonight. I stayed up until 1 yesterday because of the physics stuff and I wanna get back a bit of that sleep. So I'm going to bed as soon as I finish writing this for today!

Tomorrow is wednesday. I will remember to...

[Back](./12.md) | [Next](./15.md)
