# May 18th

## 11:00pm
Oops. Missed two days. Oh well.

I guess let me go over what I did for the past two days.

So Thursday, I don't think I got much work done. Friday though, I was a fucking MACHINE. Except not really. So [I made a chost about this](https://cohost.org/Spax/post/5999687-well-fuck), but basically the site used for remediation must have detected that I was automating my classwork. Even worse, they changed something on the site so that I can't just use a userscript to execute the javascript automatically. I ended up rewriting a bit of it to be easier to manually control and just kept pasting it in the console myself whenever the page reloaded. It was a bit more manual than before but it worked.

Speaking of my online class though, I got 100% through it! I had 25ish% left for both of my courses yesterday and I got through all but one of the lessons yesterday, the last of which I finished this morning. Now I just gotta take the final for both of them, get at least a 60%, and do the rest of my work! I feel like I mentioned this before but the final has to be taken in-person and it'll be proctored so I will actually have to study a bit. Oh well. But yeah, now that's pretty much done, and I can start to work on my other stuff!

Reviewing the plan again, I gotta do my current and past sociology stuff, my current stats worksheet packet, and then 5 english assignments. All-in-all, not too bad! It's just doing it that's gonna be hard. The remediation stuff wasn't that bad to do. There were just a few minutes of actual work every time there was a quiz or multiple choice question between the videos, but my script did the heavy lifting. For the rest of the work (apart from the english), it's gonna require me to actually think about the assignments given to me and learn/understand the material. Tragic, I know. But yeah my days of freely chosting *while* doing my work are over. Gotta actually lock in.

Anyways, I decided to take the entire day off today. I spent a lot of it on cohost and youtube. Look at my [hit chost](https://cohost.org/Spax/post/6017252-div-id-top-style) I made today (sidenote: about last week I got the maximum number of displayed notifications on cohost: 99+. very fun to wake up to).

I also just finished an episode of Better Call Saul (S5E4) because it's been such a long time since I last watched an episode, and I felt like I could spare a bit of time. It was also surreal to hear an [APHEX TWIN SONG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Cnfypi5jQo) DURING IT. I laughed like a madman during that scene I did not expect that. And it's awesome to see the comments on it sharing the same sentiment (please only read the comments if you've seen the show). I genuinely can't recommend Breaking Bad/Better Call Saul enough if you haven't watched them yet. Cinematic masterpieces.

Anyways, I'm heading to bed now. Tomorrow I'm planning on understanding the current stats work. Unit 7 is stuff about H<sub>0</sub> and H<sub>A</sub> and rejecting/not rejecting the null and the 10% rule and a few other things. Gonna learn all that tomorrow by using a combination of irl friends, online resources, and online friends. Wish me luck.

[Back](./15.md) | [Next](./../june/01.md)
