# May 5th

# 2:00am
This isn't 2am for May 5th this is 2am for May 6th. I forgot to do an entry that's fun.

Today I spent the day, yet again, on the script and the ooo website. I also made a miniscule contribution to MDN. Let me also be blunt. I've been super unproductive this week. I can probably count the number of assignments I did this week on one hand. Because of this, I would normally say I would kms (not seriously dw but also augh), but I realized in the shower that me not doing my work might be good? Like obviously it's not good, but the fact that I'm realizing what is working and what isn't working is good. I'm figuring out where my weak spots are and I can figure out how to get around them.

I learned:
- I tend to be the most productive late at night
  - Like I actually don't know why I cannot just work during the day. I try to get shit done then but I just lose focus. And then when it's 10pm or later I can just Lock In, and I fucking hate this. Body, just work during the hours we're supposed to im begging you
- Getting an idea of how much work I need to do makes it easier to set goals
  - A few minutes ago I went on the canvas page for sociology and I can literally see that I need to do 5 more (probably quick to complete) assignments for the current quarter, and now it feels easier to plan how I'm gonna get all of them done
- Deleting social media does nothing to make me productive. I (against my will) find other ways to distract myself
  - Deleting discord and youtube just made me switch to bluesky and cohost (I am now considering deleting those too but honestly how effective is that really gonna be)
- Keeping things out of sight really keeps them out of mind
  - I don't know what it is with this one but I found that I could actually get an assignment done when I had the pdf in fullscreen and the submission page also in fullscreen. It also made my impulsive tab switching easier to take notice of and I had an easier time stopping myself from doing it
- Some music genuinely hurts my focus. Silence is sometimes better for things that take a shit ton of concentration.
  - I'm looking at you, sociology assignment
- I either need one long song that I can play on loop or an album I've never heard also on loop.
  - Like I need to have no thoughts about the music. Lyricless is usually better too.

With this all said, I now need to come up with a plan:  
I'm halfway through my remediation for government, and I've barely started my remediation for financial literacy.  
I need to finish a packet for statistics (of which I'm about halfway through), and I don't know what is after it.  
I have 5 sociology assignments for quarter 4 that I can still do. For quarter 3, I have not counted yet, but I will do that after I finish my late quarter 4 work so I don't overwhelm myself.  
In english I have 4ish assignments, 2 of which I've already done I just need to print out and submit physically.  
I think I might have to fail physics this term just so I can pass high school. I'll talk with my teacher about it tomorrow (well, today).

Now time to come up with a goal for myself. My school district has been trying to teach everyone about SMART goals: Specific, Measurable, Achievable/Realistic, and Time-bound. So I feel like I should make one because It'll Probably Work™. My goal for tomorrow is to get all 5 sociology assignments done by the end of the school day, and get through at least 3 lessons for one of my remediated classes by the end of the day. I also have to work on something non-academic (but very important) irl, so I'll factor in time to do that as well.  
I'm also gonna try treat 9pm as like, 2am, to encourage myself to go to sleep sooner and stop procrastinating until so late.

Calling it there for tonight. Enjoy the update. 3 weeks left.

Also, I know I was supposed to be off of youtube but I saw a link to [this video](https://youtu.be/Uo3cL4nrGOk) somewhere and it got a healthy amount of laughs out of me. Hope it does for you too if you understand anything about javascript development.

[Back](./4.md) | [Next](./6.md)
