# May 6th

## 1:00am
It's time for another "late night post". Yes it's currently the next day, May 7th. I will keep this one brief so I can go to bed sooner.

I'm taking the AP CSA exam on Wednesday, and I have not touched Java in months, so I gotta study for a bit tomorrow. Fortunately, I like programming, so it shouldn't be too hard to brush up on it. I think it's just inheritance that I need to really get a grip on (I use it so rarely tbh).

Today, I got done nothing school-related. I, unsurprisingly, worked on the script again. FORTUNATELY I THINK IT IS IN A RELATIVELY STABLE STATE AND I WILL SWEAR ON MY LIFE TO NOT WORK ON IT ANY MORE. I should definitely write a blogpost about how insane that website is though. It's so funny.

So now that I put that project to a close, I wrote a quick userscript for cohost (which I find myself using a lot more than I used to):

```js
alert("You should be doing your schoolwork. Open anyways?");
```

Yeah that's literally it. Apparently you can't call `window.close()` in a userscript but whatever. Hopefully that'll be annoying enough for me to remember to get off.

So now, I'm actually gonna shift my focus from sociology to my class remediation, since it actually doesn't require that much thinking, and more of just. Monotonous actions. And that's better than having to deeply think about the material, I think.

Anyways, that's about it for today. I guess I also [contributed to codehost](https://github.com/wavebeem/codehost/pull/17) with the vscode theme I use (github dark default ftw ✊). Gonna head to bed now. Night chat.

[Back](./5.md) | [Next](./7.md)
